
India Inc's foreign borrowings nearly halve to $1.64bn in August
It includes borrowings through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and rupee-denominated bonds (RDBs) -- which were halted briefly recently....

Larsen & Toubro Construction bags orders worth Rs 2,170 cr
L&T said its water and effluent treatment business has won an order worth Rs 1,547 crore while the power transmission and distribution business has ba...

PM Modi says traders positive about GST, just need 'handholding'
Bringing you the latest news updates on the go....

Buy L&T, Apollo Tyres; see at least 5-6% upmove in HDFC: Manoj Murlidharan
According to Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities, one can buy Larsen & Toubro and Apollo Tyres and expects at least 5-6 percent upmove in HDFC....

L&T bags order worth Rs 1700 crore
L&T's hydrocarbon division has bagged a major pipeline contract with a value close to Rs 1700 crore from Kuwait Oil Company for engineering, procu...

Buy GAIL India, Kajaria Ceramics; sell HDFC, Reliance Infrastructure, MRF: Mitessh Thakkar
Mitessh Thakkar of miteshthakkar.com is of the view that one can buy GAIL India and Kajaria Ceramics and sell HDFC, Reliance Infrastructure and MRF....

Buy L&T, Asian Paints, Whirlpool, Sun TV; sell Ajanta Pharma: Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one can buy L&T, Asian Paints, Whirlpool of India, Sun TV Network and Bajaj Finance and advis...

Buy Larsen & Toubro, DLF, JM Financial: Ashwani Gujral
Acccording to Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com, one can buy Larsen & Toubro, DLF and JM Financial....

L&T a bellwether stock, focus on financials: Basant Maheshwari
According to Basant Maheshwari of Basant Maheshwari Wealth, L&T a bellwether stock and also a good way to play the India story while he focuses on fin...

Don't see bullet train as re-rating trigger for BHEL: Kotak Securities
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Deepak Agarwala of Elara Capital and Sanjeev Zarbade, Analyst at Kotak Securities spoke about the impact of the Mumbai-A...

Buy Larsen and Toubro; target of Rs 1380: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1380 in its research report dated Sept...

L&T construction arm bags orders worth Rs 2,525 cr
"The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 2,525 crore business segments," the engineering and construction major said in a BSE filing....

L&T Construction wins orders of Rs 2525 crore
The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 2525 crore across various business segments....

Here are SP Tulsian's top trading ideas

Buy Bata India, Tech Mahindra, ACC; sell Bank of India, Torrent Pharma: Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one can buy Bata India, Tech Mahindra and ACC and sell Bank of India and Torrent Pharma....

Like Larsen and Toubro, target Rs 1328: R Sreesankar
R Sreesankar, Head Institutional Equities at Prabhudas Lilladher likes Larsen and Toubro wwith a target of Rs 1328....

Buy Larsen & Toubro, The Ramco Cements: Mitessh Thakkar
Mitessh Thakkar of miteshthacker.com suggests buying Larsen & Toubro and The Ramco Cements....

Buy Colgate, Bharat Forge; sell Andhra Bank, Amara Raja Batteries: Mitessh Thakkar
Mitessh Thakkar of mitesshthakkar.com is of the view that one can buy Colgate Palmolive and Bharat Forge and sell Andhra Bank and Amara Raja Batteries...

Motilal Oswal Global Investor Conference: SN Subrahmanyan's speech
Watch accompanying video of SN Subrahmanyan, MD & CEO at L&T addressing the Motilal Oswal Global Investor Conference....

Buy Larsen & Toubro; target of Rs 1340: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Larsen & Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1340 in its research report dated August...

Larsen & Toubro: Updates
Larsen & Toubro has informed regarding application filed by its subsidiary company L&T Infrastructure Development Projects for registration of Infrast...