
L&T consortium wins USD 250 mn power project in Bangladesh
This project will be executed by the Gas Based Power Projects Business Unit of L&T, based out of Vadodara....

L&T bags EPC order for 400 MW gas based power plant in Bangladesh
Bangladesh Power Development Board (BPDB) has awarded a contract for setting up Bibiyana South 400 MW combined cycle power plant project to a consorti...

Buy Larsen and Toubro, prefer GMR Infra: Mehraboon Irani
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang Securities is of the view that one can buy Larsen and Toubro and prefers GMR Infra....

News highlights of the day: I-T Dept searches 25 spots in Delhi NCR with link to Panama Papers

L&T's construction arm bags orders worth Rs 3,572 cr
"The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 3,572 crore across various business segments," the engineering and construction major said in a B...

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 3572 crore
The construction of Larsen and Toubro (L&T) has won orders worth Rs 3572 crore across various business segments....

News as-it-happened: NK Singh appointed chairman of 15th Finance Commission

Buy Larsen and Toubro; target of Rs 1580: JM Financial
JM Financial is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1580 in its research report dated Novem...

Mumbai Trans Harbour Link expected to be built by 2021; Will it make your travel easier?
The bridge, which was proposed even before 2005, will start from Sewri in South Mumbai and join Navi Mumbai's Nhava Sheva area. It will be built b...

Happy to be part of MTHL project, plan to complete by 2021: L&T
The Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL) project will give a fillip to cement, to steel, to a lot of local employment and to all around economic developme...

News highlights of the day: Shia Waqf Board calls for temple in Ayodhya, mosque in Lucknow

L&T Construction bags Rs 8,650cr order to build Mumbai Trans Harbour Link
The project involves construction of a 21.8 km bridge connecting Mumbai mainland with Navi Mumbai....

L&T construction bags Rs 8650 crore order to build Mumbai Trans Harbour link
The heavy civil infrastructure business vertical of L&T Construction bagged a major order worth Rs 8650 crore from Mumbai Metropolitan Region Developm...

Moody's upgrades India's rating a positive step for country, economy & business: L&T
This is a very positive step and signals well for the country, economy as well as the business, SN Subrahmanyan, MD & CEO, Larsen and Toubro said....

News highlights: Amit Shah confident of BJP winning 150 seats in Gujarat Assembly election
Here’s wishing all our readers a Happy Children’s Day. This blog will keep track of key global and local developments impacting business and marke...

News highlights of the day: Demonetisation helped formalising large part of economy, says PM Modi

Would look to buy L&T on declines: Kotak Securities
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Sanjeev Zarbade of Kotak Securities shared his views and readings on Larsen and Toubro....

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering wins contract of Rs 1,267 crore
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a wholly owned subsidiary of L&T, has bagged an offshore contract for the balance work for pipeline replacement project-4...

L&T Q2 net jumps 32% to Rs 2,020 crore
Infrastructure giant Larsen and Toubro (L&T) on Saturday reported a 32 percent jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs 2,020 crore for the quarter e...

L&T Q2 profit up 26%; holds FY18 revenue growth guidance but won't meet order inflow target
L&T has maintained its full year revenue growth guidance of 12 percent but won't be meeting order inflow guidance 12-14 percent, R Shankar Raman, ...

L&T Q2 profit seen up 10% at Rs 1,230 cr; guidance, order inflow, asset monetisation plans key
Seasonally it is a weak quarter of the company given weak execution due to monsoon....

News Live: Pakistan allows Kulbhushan Jadhav to meet wife

L&T construction arm bags orders worth Rs 4,023 cr
"The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 4,023 crore," the engineering and construction major said in a BSE filing....

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 4023 crore
The construction arm of Larsen and Toubro (L&T) has won orders worth Rs 4023 crore across various business segments....

News as-it-happened: Jayant Sinha says Paradise Papers are "completely bogus"

L&T Infotech Q2 net profit up over 17 % to Rs 272.6 crore
This is against a net profit of Rs 232.5 crore in the same period last year, L&T Infotech said in a statement....

NHAI terminates 20 road development contracts of infra companies citing default
The highway authority said that these companies have failed to fulfil the criteria and were unable to execute the projects awarded to them between 201...