
L&T Construction wins orders of Rs 1,521 crore
The construction arm of Larsen & Toubro has won orders worth RS 1,521 crore....

Optimistic about FY19; too early to say we are very bullish, says L&T
As FY18 comes to an end-Kevin Lee caught up with R Shankar Raman, CFO of L&T and asked him about his outlook for FY19 and roadmap for the company....

L&T Construction bags Rs 4,353 crore orders in T&D business
L&T Construction has bagged an order from Sonelgaz group for the turnkey construction of a 220/60 kV Air Insulated Substation in Draa Errich in Algeri...

Larsen & Toubro wins Rs 747 cr contract from NPCIL
"The heavy engineering arm of Larsen & Toubro has received orders worth Rs 747 crore from NPCIL to supply steam generators and end shields for its ind...

L&T Heavy Engineering secures Rs 747 crore orders
The Heavy Engineering arm of Larsen & Toubro has received orders worth Rs 747 crore from Nuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCIL) to supply Steam Ge...

Elan Group appoints Raj Kumar Singhal as CEO
Realty firm Elan Group today said it has appointed Raj Kumar Singhal as its Chief Executive Officer (CEO)....

CBI investigates Rs 1394.43 crore Hyderabad bank fraud, Union Bank of India key lender
The account became a NPA on June 30, 2012 after a default on the loan and interest payments....

Buy L&T, Rain Industries: Rajat Bose
Rajat Bose of rajatkbose.com is of the view that one may buy L&T and Rain Industries....

News highlights of the day: Centre, states sanction Rs 10,000 cr refunds due to exporters, says FinMin

L&T arm bags Rs 2,864 cr order for Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor
"The railways strategic business unit of L&T Construction's transportation infrastructure business has signed a major contract worth Rs 2,864 cror...

L&T Construction & DFCCIL signs contract of Rs 2,864 crore for Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor
The railways strategic business unit of L&T Construction’s Transportation Infrastructure Business has signed a major contract worth Rs 2,864 crore w...

News Highlights: Facebook bans far-right group; all-woman crew of Indian Navy begins return journey

Larsen & Toubro wins contracts worth Rs 1,600 crore
"L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering Limited (LTHE), a wholly owned subsidiary of engineering and construction major L&T Ltd, has won orders worth in excess o...

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering wins orders in excess of Rs 1600cr
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a wholly owned subsidiary of Engineering and Construction major Larsen & Toubro, has won orders worth in excess of Rs 160...

News Highlights: Govt accepts farmers’ demands; 50 killed in Kathmandu plane crash; Airbus A320neos grounded
Here are key global and local developments that impacted business and markets through the day. Important local and global political developments also ...

L&T JV bags Rs 442 cr order for supply of forgings for nuclear steam generators
" L&T Special Steels and Heavy Forgings Pvt Ltd, a joint venture of Larsen & Toubro Ltd (L&T) and Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL), has ...

L&T construction arm bags orders worth Rs 2,597 cr
L&T, in a BSE filing, said its transportation infrastructure business has secured an order worth Rs 1,047 crore....

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2,597 crore
The construction arm of Larsen & Toubro has won orders worth Rs 2,597 crore....

L&T moves NCLT seeking dues from Bhushan Steel on priority
Counsels appearing for L&T submitted before the bench that the company owes it Rs 9 billion (Rs 900 crore) in dues for supply of capital goods....

L&T Finance raises Rs 2,000 cr from L&T
L&T Finance Holdings said the capital infused by the promoter will help fund the growth of its focused lending businesses -- rural finance, housing fi...

News highlights of the day: Zomato co-founder Pankaj Chaddah quits

L&T's construction arm wins orders worth Rs 1,593 cr
L&T said water and effluent treatment business has bagged order an worth Rs 1,058 crore. An EPC order has been secured from Udaipur Smart City Limited...