
Buy Larsen & Toubro Ltd; target of Rs 1515: Geojit
Geojit is bullish on Larsen & Toubro Ltd has recommended Buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1515 in its research report dated Febru...

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 1,266 crore
The construction arm of Larsen & Toubro has won orders worth Rs 1,266 crore across various business segments....

Buy Larsen and Toubro; target of Rs 1659: Bonanza
Bonanza is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1659 in its research report dated February 2...

L&T arm bags Rs 1,680-cr orders from Pune Municipal Corporation
In a regulatory filing L&T said its water and effluent treatment business has bagged orders worth Rs 1,680 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation for s...

Sell L&T, ICICI Bank, Bharti Airtel, Capital First, HPCL; buy JSW Steel, Escorts: Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one can sell L&T, ICICI Bank, Bharti Airtel, Capital First and HPCL and can buy JSW Steel and...

News highlights of the day: Centre to invest Rs 1.44 lakh crore in road projects in Karnataka

L&T's construction arm wins orders worth Rs 1,585 cr
"The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 1,585 crore across various business segments," the engineering and construction major said in a B...

News highlights of the day: No plans to ground A320 Neos over engine glitches, says DGCA

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering bags Rs 2,200 cr order
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering has signed "a major field development EPC contract with Al Dhafra Petroleum Operations Company Ltd, Abu Dhabi, UAE, with a...

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering secures order of Rs 2,200 crore
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a wholly owned subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro, has signed a major field development EPC contract with Al Dhafra Petroleum ...

L&T says not investing in BOT projects anymore
"It's a lot of money invested and returns are taking too long and then you are operating within the confines of concessionaire agreement, which ha...

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2275 crore
The construction arm of Larsen & Toubro has won orders worth Rs 2275 crore across various business segments....

News Highlights: Inflation risks overdone; RBI rate cut likely in Aug, says BofAML report

Sebi disposes of case against Larsen & Toubro
Regulator Sebi has disposed of a case related to disclosure lapses by engineering major Larsen & Toubro in a matter involving its financial services a...