
L&T announces strategic plan to transform into digitalisation, automation powerhouse
As part of its L&T-Nxt initiative, the management will focus on incubating and scaling business verticals, mapping the landscape, formulating the ...
As part of its L&T-Nxt initiative, the management will focus on incubating and scaling business verticals, mapping the landscape, formulating the road...

Our doors are always open: L&T Chairman AM Naik to Mindtree
On March 19, L&T bought the entire stake of VG Siddhartha in Mindtree and launched an open offer for an additional 31 percent. It aims to take its sta...

Buy Larsen and Toubro; target of Rs 1655: ICICI Direct
ICICI Direct is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1655 in its research report dated March...
Sharekhan is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1655 in its research report dated March 19...

L&T's Mindtree stake acquisition: Hostile takeovers in India's corporate history
In India, there have not been many hostile takeovers in the corporate sector. Only two of the very few became successful...

Buy Larsen and Toubro; target of Rs 1610: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1610 in its research report dated Marc...

No pyaar or dil, it is full on war, say Mindtree promoters
"We will reach out to every single voice in the industry that matters," said Subroto Bagchi, co-founder, Mindtree....

Takeover not hostile, done with ‘dil and pyaar;’ room for negotiation with Mindtree promoters: L&T
Mindtree will remain a separate entity and not be merged with L&T Infotech...

What L&T's bid for Mindtree means for different stakeholders
Will the promoters of Mindtree give up and will the other minority shareholders agree to sell at a price of Rs 980?...

L&T's Mindtree takeover: Key takeaways from management's address
Mindtree will remain a separate entity and will benefit from access to larger client base and wider product offerings, the L&T said in the filing...

Three MFs oppose L&T’s takeover of Mindtree: Report
As of December 31, 2018, mutual funds own 8.34 percent of Mindtree, according to data available on company's website....

L&T buys VG Siddhartha's entire Mindtree stake; makes Rs 5,030 crore open offer for additional 31%
Siddhartha owns 20.4 percent stake in Mindtree along with two of his Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) firms....

Mindtree co-founders condemn L&T takeover plan, will stay 'unconditionally opposed'
L&T is eyeing 51 percent shareholding in Mindtree and has bought 20.4 percent stake from Cafe Coffee Day promoter V G Siddhartha in the IT company...

L&T may spend about $1 billion in Mindtree takeover bid: Report
L&T will buy out Mindtree's largest shareholder VG Siddhartha and companies in which he is a promoter, following which an open offer will be sent ...

L&T Construction bags large contracts from multiple clients in domestic market
The engineering and construction company, however, did not provide the exact value of the contract; but as per its project classification, the value o...

L&T Construction bags large orders from Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation

Larsen & Toubro construction arm bags multiple projects in Tamil Nadu, Jharkhand, Odisha

L&T to seek external expert assistance on CTS bribery allegations
In the regulatory filing, L&T said that the management has presented all details of the company's construction contracts....

L&T says audit panel to seek external expert's help on alleged Cognizant bribery case
Last month, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTS) had said it would pay USD 25 million to the US Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) to settle ...