
L&T gets over 60% holding in Mindtree; open offer over-subscribed
The infrastructure major's open offer - for Rs 980 a share - opened on June 17 and is scheduled to close on Friday. The total size of the open off...

'Ahead of Budget 2019, bet on these 3 bluechips for double digit return'
We remain constructive on India's overall economic growth going forward and suggest that investors may continue to build equity exposure for the l...

Mindtree CEO Rostow Ravanan likely to resign: Sources
One of the sources said Mindtree founders had supported Ravanan's continuation to ensure business continuity but given the developments over the p...

L&T bags power project worth over Rs 7,000-cr in Bihar
The engineering and construction company, did not provide the exact value of the contract, but specified that as per its classification, the mega proj...

L&T completes Medigadda Barrage construction; delivers project in 24 months
The largest barrage in the Kaleshwaram lift irrigation project was inaugurated Friday by Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao in the presence ...

HDFC: The new buyout brother in insurance
After the merger, HDFC ERGO General Insurance will have a 6.4 percent combined market share of the non-life insurance industry, with 308 branches acro...

L&T open offer for Mindtree shares commences on June 17
With the additional 31 percent stake at the investment of Rs 5000 crore for the open offer, the engineering behemoth is looking to up its stake in the...

Here's a look at the mutual fund favourites in May
On a month-on-month basis, MFs showed interest in capital goods, telecom, financials (private and PSU), and cement and chemical sectors, which witness...

L&T Construction bags large orders across various business segments
The company said the orders fall under "large" category which ranges between Rs 2,500 crore and Rs 5,000 crore as per its classification of contracts....

CCI asks Schneider to reserve a part of L&T's capacity for third party firms
Under the white labelling services, the third party competitors can take L&T products on a reasonable price for selling under their own brand for a pe...

Mindtree-L&T saga: Here's how Nalanda Capital is trying to drive a hard bargain
Nalanda Capital owns 10.6 percent stake in Mindtree, making it the company's largest institutional investor....

Buy Larsen & Toubro with target of Rs 1,894: Anand Rathi
For full year FY19, the company reported consolidated gross revenue of Rs 141,007 crore, registering 18 percent y-o-y growth. Consolidated PAT for FY1...