
Larsen & Toubro, 2 senior officials settle case with Sebi
Engineering major Larsen & Toubro and its non-executive chairman A M Naik as well as director Shailendra Roy have settled with markets regulator Sebi ...

Larsen & Toubro Q3 profit surges 53%, beats estimates
The Board of Directors of L&T Finance Holdings Limited (“LTFH”) has approved (subject to approval from its shareholders) the issue of equity share...
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Larsen & Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1650 in its research report dated Januar...
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1540 in its research report dated Janu...

Buy, Sell, Hold: 6 stocks are being tracked by analysts on January 16, 2018
Federal Bank, Delta and Info Edge, among others, are on the radar of investors on Tuesday....

Larsen & Toubro wins Rs 1,310 cr contracts; stock down
"The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs 1,310 Crore across various business segments," the company said in a statement....

L&T commissions 360 MW Bheramara combined cycle power plant in Bangladesh
Larsen & Toubro Limited (L&T) has successfully commissioned and handed over the state-of-the-art 360 MW Bheramara Combined Cycle Power Plant Developme...

News highlights of the day: Siemens bags contract worth Rs 579 cr for Gujarat Metro Link

Buy L&T Finance Holdings, CG Power, South Indian Bank: Ashwani Gujral
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com recommends buying L&T Finance Holdings, CG Power and South Indian Bank....

L&T Construction bags orders worth Rs 2,265 crore
"The transportation infrastructure and water and effluent treatment businesses of L&T Construction have jointly bagged three EPC orders worth Rs 2,265...

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2,265 crore
The Transportation Infrastructure and Water & Effluent Treatment businesses of L&T Construction have jointly bagged three EPC orders worth Rs 2,265 cr...

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering secures order worth Rs 1,483 crore from ONGC
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a wholly owned subsidiary of Larsen and Toubro, has signed an offshore contract for Bassein Development 3 Well  Platform ...

Buy Dredging Corporation, DLF, Motilal Oswal: Ashwani Gujral
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com recommends buying Dredging Corporation, DLF and Motilal Oswal....

Expect a skillful balancing act from FM in upcoming Budget: L&T
A skilful balancing act is expected out of the Finance Minister, it is not going to be easy but I would expect voicing India Inc’s views that the ex...

L&T wins Rs 1,454 cr contracts including in Egypt
The Smart World & Communications Business Unit secured an order worth Rs 864 crore for implementation of 5 million Smart Meters across 16 cities of Ut...

L&T Construction wins orders of Rs 1,454 crore
L&T Construction, the construction arm of Larsen and Toubro has won order worth Rs 1,454 crore across various business segments....

L&T wins Rs 2,100 crore contracts from HPCL, Reliance Industries
"The company’s track record includes successful completion of several challenging projects for domestic and international clients," the statement sa...

L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering secures orders of Rs 2,100 crore
L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering has secured a major EPC contract for Crude Distillation and Vacuum Distillation Unit (CDU & VDU) from Hindustan Petroleum ...